Task 3: Scaling and Advanced Implementation

1. Lead Form (Google Forms)
   Collects user responses through a Google Form.
2. Formatter by Zapier: Time zone
   Ensures the form submission timestamps are properly formatted or converted to the correct time zone for consistency.
3. Paths: Form Validation
   Splits the flow into two paths:
   
   Validated Form: For forms that meet the required validation criteria.
    Incomplete Form: For forms that fail validation.
    When the form is incomplete it will send the error notification the applicant via Gmail.

4. Validated Form: Path Conditions
   Checks whether the form is filled correctly.

5. Code by Zapier: Run JavaScript
   Runs the Java Script code for calculating the Lead Score.

6. Google Sheets: Lead Data Unfiltered
    Stores the raw, unfiltered lead data in a Google Sheet for record-keeping or further analysis.

7. Paths: Split into Paths
   Splits the leads into two categories based on additional filtering criteria:
Filtered Leads
Nurturing Campaigns

Filtered Leads Path
1.Path Conditions: Filtered Leads
  Filters leads further, such as checking if a lead score exceeds a threshold (Greater than [69]).

2.Formatter by Zapier: Sales Team Assigning
  Processes the filtered lead data to assign them to appropriate sales team members.

3.Formatter by Zapier: Pattern Match
  Performs pattern matching on comments or other fields to extract keywords and gives output as lead priority.

4.Google Sheets: Filtered Lead
  Stores the filtered leads in a separate Google Sheet for tracking.

5.Gmail: Welcome Email
  Sends a personalized welcome email to the filtered leads, acknowledging their submission.

6.Higher lead Filter
  Filter the lead which is greater than 90.

7.Email Notification
  When the higher lead is present, it will automatically send the high priority notification the Sales team.

8.Splitting into two Paths for sending the Google Reminder

9.High Priority
  When the lead is higher and lead priority is true the it will send the google reminder to the sales manager with one or two days.

10.Medium Priority
   When the lead is higher then 70 and lesser than 90 and lead priority is false then the reminder will send after two – three days.
   Nurturing Campaigns
  When the lead score is lesser than 70 and it directed to nurturing campaigns.
A separate google sheet will stores and handles the lead

Limitations:
   Some Time zones are not able to convert to local time.
   Assigning the sales team in random manner leads to overload certain member.
   All these workflows depend on static rules and which may ineffective.
